when I'm dealing with situations or failures that I did not cause or if
I could say it was not my fault. The first thing I do is I don't find
fault in someone else. Um e I, um I own whatever the situation Waas
I believe that getting through it with starting with me because
of whatever the situation was whatever, whoever the person was that
that may have failed them. Um, I own it, and I take ownership of it
and help that person get through it. Um, even if they want to talk about
you know how it failed, who failed and things like that, that's
fine, because sometimes that feeling, But the most important part is
getting through it and getting past it, Um, not only for, um, that
person, but it will help them grow and then teach them that even though
somebody failed them, there is a way to get through it.